PROLOGUE
It was the middle of the year 2066 and Brazil was going through yet another of several political turbulences, coming from dictatorial governments and with successful state crises, the feeling was one of pure pessimism and uncertainty.
It was after ten o'clock at night when a young lady, using a cross stitch needle, sewed and used the time to tell her daughter about her life experiences, she was putting the girl to sleep.
The light of the burning candle did not deny the preparation for a calm and peaceful night of sleep.
This lady was called Izadora, single mother of a single daughter, used this time to talk and try to closely follow the growth of the teenager Marcia.
-- So my daughter, we already lived free once, we were happy but we didn't know how much.
People respected each other and despite all the difficulties, families came together and managed to live in harmony despite all the differences.
The girl's eyes shone, and her gaze was distant as if in thought she was going back in time and experiencing those stories told by her mother.
-- Could people go out on the street to talk to other mothers? -- Marcia turned suddenly, now with eyes wide open with curiosity.
-- Sure.
-- replied the mother promptly.
-- It is obvious that not everything was perfect, after all bad people always existed, but we had more freedom, and certainly these bad people did not stand out with so many good people, we were certainly the majority.
Unfortunately nowadays our freedom is over, we cannot go out and question it out loud or in public because, depending on what we say we can be arrested.
These are complicated times, my daughter.
And you need to pay close attention, because the two of us only have each other.
-- Please! Tell me more about the bad war.
How was it to experience all that? -- The girl never tired of trying to understand this situation so far from her reality.
-- Just thinking about the war, I get chills, daughter, I don't like to talk about it, but I'll try.
We spent moments of a lot of terror.
His father was summoned and had no way to escape from presenting himself to the army, those who did not present were exterminated in the square.
He went, and every news we received was complete carnage.
Before that war, our country was divided into states of the Federation, but when the dictatorial regime came to power these states went into crisis because many did not want to be part of any change imposed by the government.
In the end, the states that were in favor came together and, with the support of that government, attacked the regions of states that opposed it, culminating in the centralization of a single state governed by a dictator.
-- But how did this person manage to do all this alone, mother? -- At that moment Marcia was restless, for her nothing fit.
-- He did nothing alone daughter, there was a lot of interest from many people.
I believe that a lot of money was at stake.
The rich, greedy, wanted to get even richer at the expense of the tireless work of the people who struggled to put bread on the table.
As if that were not enough, there was the great sacred alibi, the same that ends with any nation ...
-- What would that be mom? I did not understand.
At that moment Izadora ran her hand around her daughter's face, as if looking for the right words she would use, took a breath and then began her explanation:
-- People armed themselves with religious arguments to impose their dictatorial ideas and become even more powerful, they used people's faith as a means to persuade them, because of that this great division was created in which we live today, my daughter.
Those "chosen" by God, are the rich, who hold 90% of the country's income and we, the "scum" were born condemned to be subjugated to these people.
Unfortunately, we were born with this certainty today in our country.
-- But it wasn't like that before? -- asked the girl.
-- Not my daughter.
Before, people lived with divergent thoughts, argued about.
Women were fighting for equal rights to men, and we were almost successful.
It was not a perfect world, we had a lot of social problems and we knew that we needed to improve in many ways.
Many were born without money and managed to be happy in simplicity.
We could admire teachers, historians, philosophers, artists and people who had a more refined critical sense, unlike today, these people did not end up condemned to social exclusion.
Upon realizing that the conversation was once again turning to a dark bias, Izadora promptly covered the girl and hugged her.
-- Now stop so many words and get ready to sleep, all this agitation is not good.
Good night my daughter, let's hope things change again, only this time for the better.
We have to keep the faith.
Dream about angels my daughter!
-- Okay, Mom.
Good evening.
So the girl turned around, covered herself with the patched sheets her mother had made, and apparently slept.
Izadora, on tiptoe so as not to wake the girl, left the room and extinguished the candle stub that was there.
THE HUT
In the midst of that mess the country was in, Marcia was quickening her pace.
He passed cannons, tanks and garbage, always with his head down.
The teenager with red and curly hair at that time did not lose focus on getting to her friends' homes.
According to the laws of the country, women were forbidden to look into the eyes of "chosen" men in public places, otherwise it would open the door for possible collective rape, so the girl walked lightly, always looking at a fixed point on the floor.
your front.
A few blocks away, her mother Izadora was waiting for some news about the girl, she knew that her daughter would not be returning the same day since the afternoon was over and it was close to the seven o'clock curfew.
The news was never too much for her and the girl knew it.
It was certain that when she arrived at her colleagues' house, the girl would be in contact.
In the meantime, she consumed one more cigarette and drank a cup of hot tea with fresh herbs that she herself had picked in her backyard.
Marcia walked lightly between the streets and alleys of the small town that had already been the capital of the old state overthrown in the confrontation of states called Espírito Santo, her gaze on the ground witnessed the ruins of the tragedies that had occurred there, it was a strange mixture of dust, ore dust from an old mining company and small pieces of bones, remnants of massacres stemming from political conflicts, which the government insisted on leaving as a souvenir.
Suddenly she realized that someone was following her...
She couldn't look back but she had the exact feeling that someone was following her at that moment.
Her breathing quickened, her heart beat faster and faster...
the girl tried to deflect between people and rubble but the sensation was confirmed every time.
She tightened her pace even more, until a person threw herself in front of him...
-- Surprise!
The girl took a disconcerting scare! When looking up he saw that it was Tom, one of his friends, he made sure to pick her up on the way and accompany her to the meeting place that day was his home.
-- Tom! What a scare, how can you play with these things?! -- whispered the girl warning her friend by pinching her belly.
-- Ouch! It was just a joke...
-- replied the friend in a more carefree way.
-- I just wanted to see if you were smart.
After all, I think that today we are going to fight one of the most epic wars in our RPG campaign...
I can't stand so much expectation!
Tom was a simple boy, from a family of former teachers and who liked to play tricks on his colleagues.
Black, poor and the son of magistrates, Brazil was not quite the place that the boy and his family wanted to stay, but as all the scum was banned from leaving the country, his only alternative was to wait for an immigration opportunity or escape for any place in the world, where they would find more respect and dignity.
In the meantime, what the boy knew best was to tell horror stories and narrate RPG campaigns to play with his friends.
It didn't take long for Tom and Marcia to reach the house where he lived, when opening the door the girl noticed the smell of coffee that Tom's father was preparing.
-- Wow Uncle Paulo! What a delicious smell! My mom, don't listen to me, but you make the most fragrant coffee ever!
Tom's father laughed softly and answered the girl.
-- Of course, let me not tell you.
This is our secret.
If you want, it will be ready in a little while.
-- Ahh! This husband of mine really has a talent for cooking -- reaffirmed Tom's mother Ana -- I already told Paulo that I would marry him again just for his culinary skills.
-- she completed.
-- Do not speak loudly that at any time the chosen ones listen and we are chipped dear! he replied with a comical air.
Marcia and Tom entered the house and with light steps they went to the cabin, which was nothing more than a dark place in the house where they played RPGs by candlelight, which gave the feeling of being in a cabin in the middle of the forest and for that reason they named that place after that name.
In the house of each one of the group there was a hut, and there in Tom's house that place was the cellar.
The two teenagers went down the stairs to meet the other friends who were eagerly awaiting the arrival of their colleagues, all because they had combined another historic battle in the land of giants, elves, dwarves and goblins.
And there they were, all waiting.
-- Hey! You took too long! -- Said Bruno, Tom's cousin who lived in the same yard as the boy and helped his father during the week to fix equipment, so he guaranteed some change to help his father.
Despite the busy pace of work, the boy managed to take time out of the day to play with his friends.
He had a lot of manual talent and with handling equipment, he had learned a lot about mechanics and electrical from his father and had the same aptitude.
The boy did not know who his mother was, all his father had said was that he was the result of a forbidden relationship, that his mother's family had not accepted their relationship and never allowed the boy's contact with his mother.
But, in spite of all this confusion, the boy was raised with much appreciation and dedication by his father, who spared no effort to educate him in the best possible way and pass on everything he knew so that Bruno had a source of income even in his own life.
lack.
After all, the way things are, everything could happen at any time.
In the basement were also twins Lucas and Carla organizing the board and data for the adventure.
They were Tom's neighbors but not much was known about their parents, the boys were always around and loved an adventure, so Tom always made a point of inviting them.
-- Hey guys, how much data are we going to use? -- Carla asked.
-- I haven't found them all in the bag yet.
-- Lucas said.
-- Don't worry, I brought it from home.
-- Marcia replied taking her data bag out of her jacket pocket.
-- Wow, good, Carla and Lucas were arguing and ended up dropping the data, I thought we would end up aborting our adventure because of that! -- Exclaimed Bruno.
And so they started another night of adventures at Tom's house...
THE SCAPE
It was after five o'clock in the morning, the sun rose when they finished playing part of the RPG saga.
Master Tom's hand was not very good for the dice and so that night was one of the most difficult for the group to overcome, they had faced one of the worst enemies in history, but in the end they were successful.
But it took a tremendous effort from the players and now everyone was exhausted ...
-- Wow! This time it was close.
-- whispered Marcia, looking at her watch.
When he looked to the side, his friend Tom was already asleep, sitting with his head drooping, the boy was already in the deepest sleep, and so, as in a herd effect everyone seemed somehow to have settled down, and it wasn't long before they fell asleep .
The girl, even though sleepy, got up and promptly, arranged a very cozy corner, laid her head on the pillow, covered herself and also began a deep rest.
Time passed quickly, it was not after eleven o'clock in the morning, the whole group was still sleeping in the hut when the girl woke up with a large crowd of people in the house, in the room above them.
As they were in the basement, I couldn't be sure what was happening, but the noise was so intense and so loud that it woke everyone in the group.
A large number of people trampled the floor causing dust to fall from the ceiling.
There was a noise of people arguing.
I couldn't hear exactly what they were saying, but the discussion continued.
After a few minutes in that situation, the boys suddenly heard deafening shots followed by someone's hysterical screams.
As all the confusion was not enough, one last shot was fired followed by a great silence.
At that moment everyone in the basement was astonished, some were crying trying to remain silent as if they didn't want to be noticed.
After a few moments of silence, people could be heard running, they seemed to be running away.
Tom was one of those who were paralyzed, astonished, he imagined that something very bad had happened to his mother and, after all those shots, he already foresaw in his fertile mind the scene of terror that awaited him up there.
He made the move up the stairs, Marcia tried to grab him by the arm but nothing interrupted the boy, so, very carefully he started up the stairs.
The others did not know what to do, after what they heard they believed it was very dangerous to leave.
But, when they noticed, Tom had already left the basement and there was no noise from more people, friends could not leave him alone at that moment.
For Marcia, there was no other option but to hold Bruno's hand, take courage and climb the stairs.
Then Lucas and Carla went up.
The scene was war, there was a broken glass on the floor, fallen furniture, broken plant pots, scattered sand, everything was out of place.
-- Wow, we slept soundly to not have heard all this! -- Marcia thought.
As they walked in search of Tom, the sound of the shard of glass scattered on the floor they stepped on was sharp.
It was scary to see Tom lying on his mother's body crying, she had been the target of the shots heard.
There was no sign of Paulo, Tom's father.
Tom was desperately trying to get in touch with his mother.
She was dying, a lot of blood came out of her mouth, she could barely breathe.
Finally, she managed to whisper a few words.
The teenagers around Tom couldn't hear what she was saying, apparently only Tom was able to decipher something.
-- She is fine? -- Asked Bruno.
Tom arranged his mother as comfortable as possible, on the floor where she was.
-- They took my father! - Tom said between crying sobs.
-- No...
Mother...
-- lamented Tom, seeing his mother less and less present in his body.
-- They who mom? Do not go!!
Nothing more could be done, the boys stayed there for a long time.
Tom, in a very mature way for his age, covered his mother with a cloak and kept looking at her eyes, as if he wanted to say something, but asked if he would be heard.
The teenagers looked at each other, without reaction, did not know what to do.
-- Come on Carla, we need to go home.
We need to see if our parents are okay.
-- Lucas said.
The others wanted to ask them to stay, as if it were safer, however, everyone knew that they could not deny both of them finding news from their parents.
At that moment, Marcia realized that she had not contacted her mother, and desperately started to cry.
-- I need to talk to my mom! -- exclaimed the girl.
Marcia went around Tom's house looking for a communication device.
Telephone was allowed only for the "chosen", but there was a means of communication available on the market that was widely used by the underprivileged.
It was a text communication device, used in the previous century called BIP, a small radio message device, which had been perfected by the "slag" that made it possible to exchange messages more securely, perfected the device with highly complex encryption that until then it had not been broken by the "chosen" ones.
Anyway, she found the device in Ana's bag on the kitchen table and immediately sent a message to her mother.
Shortly thereafter, the BIP alert was heard.
By the speed of the response, Izadora seemed to be just waiting for a contact from her daughter.
The girl read the message, and then looked at Tom and Bruno with a pale face.
-- What's it? What's it? -- The boys asked, concerned about the girl's bewildered countenance.
Izadora's message said "Run to the waterway terminal".
The message could not be clearer for the boys, they did not understand Marcia's doubt when she broke the silence.
-- But that terminal has been abandoned for decades! -- exclaimed the girl.
-- Whatever your mother meant, I think we have to run there.
-- Bruno said.
-- I'm going with you, I can't be here alone.
-- Tom replied, still very shaken.
Tom provided escape suits that he had saved for emergencies.
It was no big deal, just dark clothes that mixed in all that gray that the city had become.
As it was morning, it was necessary to be cautious, they could not seem to run away if they met with a military man and for that reason, they dressed randomly with cloths and clothes.
Marcia, took Ana's BIP to ensure communication with her mother.
-- Put on the silencer.
-- He reminded Bruno so that, when receiving messages, the noise would not sound.
Minutes later, they left the house in a hurry.
All with backpacks containing survival supplies.
After all, they did not know what could happen from now on.
THE REUNION
When they left the house, the silence of the city was very strange.
Accustomed to seeing the Costa Pereira square full of soldiers and people, silence was something new for them, especially in broad daylight.
The people and soldiers were not around.
As they watched the surroundings more closely, they saw that there were more bodies lying than normal, the smell of fresh blood did not let it lie that something had happened recently.
The scene was overwhelming...
Children, women, the elderly, men ...
All dead.
In the distance towards the waterfront avenue, a man was walking on the sidewalk of an old theater, who appeared to have a metallic arm turning over the dead on the floor, as if to guarantee that the work had been completed efficiently.
-- Guys, am I going crazy, or does that guy have an iron arm? -- Asked Bruno.
Ana and Tom could not understand what they were seeing and could not notice what Bruno had said.
Soon after, a group of people with guns in hand turned the corner of the theater, quickly appearing more and more until they covered part of the square.
They clearly knew the first soldier although their uniforms were different, while the soldier's uniform with a metallic arm was all black, theirs were mottled, it looked like the government's.
-- Let's go there! -- Marcia pointed under the stationary truck that was very close and out of sight of the military.
And so they went one by one, very slowly so as not to be noticed.
When least expected, they were sitting under the truck, huddled to avoid being found.
They watched the movement of those soldiers for a long time, trying to understand what had happened there and at the same time trying to find a loophole to proceed towards the old waterway terminal.
-- Damn it! that arm looks like a gun! -- Whispered Tom.
-- It can only.
It is clearly a type of weapon.
-- Marcia replied that at that moment she didn't know if it was all just a strange dream.
In reality, he was a strong man, with no hair and clothes, he belonged to a special group within the military.
The weapon he had he had was his forearm.
It was something like a rotating machine gun.
Tom was very upset, the teenager had not had time to digest what had happened to his mother, and at the same time he did not know where his father was.
That feeling mixed with the adrenaline he was feeling culminated in a great emptiness in the boy's chest.
Suddenly Tom started to cry, it was a mixture of anger and fear that brought all that anguish to the heart of that disadvantaged teenager.
At that moment they were all safely hidden, and apparently the dust had settled, the soldiers were distracted talking.
Not long ago, the teenagers noticed a closer movement.
Marcia soon spotted a soldier's legs very close, coming towards the truck.
Reacting to that ungrateful situation, Marcia hugged Tom in tears, looked him in the eye, wiped away his tears and asked the boy not to make a noise at that moment.
Marcia was dying inside to have to do that with Tom, but she knew that silence at that moment was what could save their lives.
Then, swallowing the cry, Tom took a breath and calmed down.
When they noticed, all those soldiers were now grouped beside the truck.
There were soldiers everywhere.
The man who had a gun to his forearm asked for silence.
But the soldiers were celebrating and talking loudly.
Without much choice, the soldier raised his metallic arm high and fired a shot to catch the attention of the others.
-- Attention! Silence! -- Ordered, the soldier.
Everyone fell silent at the same time and paid attention.
Marcia, looked in Bruno's eyes stagnating in confirming that the arm was really a weapon.
-- Soldiers! Today is a day to stay in the history of that country.
A day of liberation.
A day of celebration.
In this place, we liberated the souls of several individuals who had no future.
All that scum did was an aberration, they consumed the few natural resources that we had left.
We will share absolutely nothing with this filth.
We put an end to the scum in this region, and just like we did here, we will do it in more places.
Our greatest mentor, the supreme leader of the nation, ordered the decimation of this inferior race.
And we, my dear soldiers, are the tool of the great regent.
Everyone was celebrating the words at that moment, but the soldier continued.
-- Our fuel is this, my friends, this is what moves us.
We will be a country free of this cancer that plagues that nation.
We military are the engine for the chosen to continue leading the country, and unlike these unhappy people, we know where we stand in that country.
We know what our role is.
We will continue to defend the great conductor with our lives.
More screams sounded cheering, then repeatedly exalted the soldier, shouting: Victor! Victor! Victor! Revealing to the teenagers the soldier's name.
Victor, raised his arm again and the others stopped without the need for another shot.
-- Gentlemen, make room for the new generation, the next soldiers, please make way.
The soldiers moved away, and it seemed that some people were passing among these men, the view from below the truck did not allow the boys to see for sure who these new soldiers were.
Victor went to the truck and stood with his back to where the boys were.
With that, the soldiers gathered in a semicircle in front of Victor, and only then did Marcia and the others manage to see more clearly.
It was a group of seven children and adolescents walking chained to their feet and hands, all with their heads bowed.
-- Lucas and Carla are there! -- Marcia whispered frighteningly.
-- Damn, we won't be able to get them out of those chains.
What will we do? -- Bruno asked.
Marcia noticed that on the other side of the truck there were no more soldiers and she waved to the other side, as if asking the others to follow that direction.
Without understanding why, but at the same time agreeing, the three got out from behind the truck, opposite to what the soldiers were at that moment.
But they knew they were very close and could be noticed at any time.
Marcia, hiding at the end of the truck, looked carefully at her friends.
Lucas saw her, and in the same instant that the boy identified, there was despair on his face, he knew he could not arouse suspicion that his friends were there and as if he really wanted to attract attention, the boy suddenly fell to the floor.
The soldiers believed that he was passing out from the sun and, even though they did not care much about what might happen, they knew that it was important for new soldiers to join and went to help the boy.
-- This one is not even good for washing the dishes! -- Grunted one of the soldiers.
Then, everyone started laughing and the noise started again, everyone went back to square one.
They talked again like animals.
There was no other alternative left for the three friends, they needed to take advantage of that soldiers' inattention to flee from the opposite side.
And so they did, step by step, post by post, car by car, they moved away until they reached the seaside avenue, Izadora's meeting point was on that avenue a few blocks away.
-- We can't just walk through the middle of the avenue or on the sidewalk, surely those who pass will notice us.
-- Said Tom, with all his experience in mastering RPG adventures.
-- Let's go for the rocks that are right down here.
-- Exclaimed Bruno.
And so they went, walking and jumping among the stones that were below the level of the street, where the water hit.
--Be careful not to cut yourself into the mussels -- asked Marcia.
After walking for a while, Márcia started to cry, not agreeing with what they did.
I felt the crying come with a bitter taste of guilt because it was cruel to have to leave friends in that place.
On the other hand, she knew that there was nothing she could do, and she ended up having to stick to it so as not to let sadness get in the way and they ended up chained like her friends.
She needed to get to the old waterway.
Tom seemed to recover gradually.
He had no way of collapsing at that moment.
But the hopelessness was in his eyes.
It seemed that he followed them like a dying man, without a soul, he just kept walking.
THE MISMATCH
Finally they arrived at the old waterway, looking in the distance it seemed that Izadora had not arrived.
-- Marcia, are you sure she talked about the old waterway? -- Bruno asked.
-- Yes Bruno.
-- Marcia reaffirmed, putting her hand in her pocket looking for the BIP that she had kept at Tom's house.
When looking at the display of the device she noticed that her mother Izadora had sent some messages.
Marcia, stopped halfway, the boys did not understand the reason and when looking back, they saw her with the BIP in hand, reading the messages with an agonized look.
She seemed to reread it several times to be sure of the words she read.
-- Marcia, what happened? -- Asked Tom already expecting bad news.
-- My mom doesn't come anymore.
-- Marcia said.
At the same time, discouragement plagued everyone.
Then the girl continued very cautiously in her words.
-- She sent me some messages, I didn't see it before, because the device was in silent mode so as not to attract attention.
I will read to you what she wrote:
Message 1: "My dear daughter, I will not be able to meet you at the waterway.
The soldiers arrived at Parque Moscoso and consequently at our house."
Message 2: "For this reason we had to go to the opposite side of our meeting point at the last minute.
I ask you to pay close attention to the next messages."
Message 3: "If you can get to the waterway, don't go in.
I spoke with a colleague of mine and he told me that the place is being watched by the soldiers.
Go through the waterway and keep walking until you reach the Ilha da Fumaça bridge."
Last message: "At the edge of the bridge there is an old pier with some old fishing boats.
The penultimate boat is a very old blue and white boat.
Look for Elias, he will be waiting for you inside the boat with the lights out.
I have already guided you so he can take you to a safe place.
When you find him, send him news."
At that moment Marcia felt a mixture of fear and hope.
The rest were discouraged from having to walk more.
-- I'm really hungry! I hope this guy Elias has some gororoba to fill his belly! -- Exclaimed Bruno.
Until that moment, they hadn't eaten yet.
-- Let's not think about it now Bruno, let's find this fisherman first.
I have some things in my bag to cover up hunger, on the boat we will share.
-- Marcia tried to sketch hope for the group, but deep down she was afraid because her mother had never said anything about this fisherman, not even in the conversations before going to sleep.
At that time the boys had already started to enter the waterway, but as his mother warned, he was being watched.
While trying to get back they saw a flashlight looking for something in the dark.
The waterway had stopped functioning many years ago and the place was practically abandoned.
-- Let's go around the pier and get off the other side.
-- Tom said looking for an escape route.
They sneaked off towards the pier so as not to make a noise.
As they went around the pier and turned again towards the other side of the entrance, they saw two more lanterns.
They looked back and the first lantern seemed to be following them.
-- We're surrounded! What will be the plan Tom? - Bruno asked.
Without much time and no alternative, the boys decided to go down in the water.
The tide was not high and there was a space between the pier and the sea, so they looked at each other and quickly went into hiding.
Marcia was last, but the moment she bent down to go down, the flashlight passed very close, it seemed that those looking for them were arriving at the pier.
The sound of the communication radio was clear, it was clear that he was a government guard.
The guy arrived at the place where the boys got off, but luckily they had managed to hide under the pier before the guy could locate them.
Down below, the three watched the tireless lantern moving between the edges of the pier's wood.
You could also hear the step of whoever was up there.
Fortunately the water hit the boys' waist and at that moment they were apparently safe.
-- My mother wouldn't be able to get here by boat.
The tide is very low.
-- Marcia whispered trying to look on the positive side of the situation.
Then they went under the pier and went to the side of the waterway, from there returned the stones that were close to the avenue.
They had already walked the equivalent of walking until reaching the waterway when they saw a small bridge and a small pier.
There were boats of all kinds there, but they all looked abandoned.
There were old motorboats recalling a time that would never return, and at the end of the pier a blue and white fishing boat.
He had been moved to the end of the pier exactly because the tide was low and only from there would he be able to run aground.
When they arrived on the boat, the interior was all dark, there seemed to be no one there.
They couldn't make much noise, so they couldn't shout or clap.
-- There is an entrance staircase! -- Exclaimed Tom.
Then the boys went up one by one.
When they arrived in the captain's compartment, they found a toothless, thin and very vulnerable gentleman lying on the floor sleeping.
-- Is he our contact? -- Tom asked.
The others signaled that they did not know what to do.
-- I already know! Let's roll a D12.
From 1 to 8, I consider it a critical error.
Above that we can try and see what happens.
-- Bruno spoke with an air of wisdom.
-- But how can you think of RPG at a time like this Bruno? -- Asked Tom.
Marcia was thoughtful, but still asked: -- Do you have a better idea Tom? Otherwise, I'm in favor of the D12.
We always managed to get out of difficult RPG situations together like that.
Tom stopped for two seconds and ended up agreeing.
He promptly drew his dice from his backpack and cast his luck.
-- It's 12! Critical strike.
I think we should call and let us know that we are here.
When the three turned again towards the bizarre-looking man, they came face to face with a shotgun.
The old man had woken up, stood up and waited for the boys' inattention to defend himself.
-- Who are you and what do you want? -- He asked.
At that moment Marcia entered in front of the boys and started the explanation:
-- Calm down my lord, we are Marcia, Tom and Bruno.
My mother Izadora asked to look for Elias.
She told me that he would help us.
Do you happen to know him?
At the same time, looking suspiciously at the children, the old man lowered his gun and replied:
-- You're talking to him.
Sorry, she didn't tell me it was three children.
She just told me about the red-haired girl.
Those two are with you so...
hmmm...
Credo! You need a bath! They are reeking of sewage.
At that moment the boys noticed that their pants were smelly and dirty.
The water at the seaside had long since ceased to be the sea, while only the city sewage fell.
-- Lucky we didn't get our backpacks dirty.
-- Marcia said.
-- Come, I'll take you to my shack for you to bathe and change.
There must be some old clothes from the boys who live here with me.
-- The old man spoke already leaving the boat and heading towards the interior of the Island.
The three followed behind, following the lame walk of the old sailor.